Explain how deregister setting affects keepalive alerts (#2872)
sensu/sensu-docs: content/sensu-go/6.1/observability-pipeline/observe-schedule/agent.md

If a Sensu agent fails to send keepalive events over the period specified by the [`keepalive-warning-timeout` flag][4], the Sensu backend creates a keepalive **warning** alert in the Sensu web UI.
The value you specify for `keepalive-warning-timeout` must be lower than the value you specify for `keepalive-critical-timeout`.

{{% notice note %}}

> **NOTE**: If you set the [deregister flag](#ephemeral-agent-configuration-flags) to `true`, when a Sensu agent process stops, the Sensu backend will create and process a deregistration event.

Author: ```suggestion
**NOTE**: If you set the [deregister flag](#ephemeral-agent-configuration-flags) to `true`, when a Sensu agent process stops, the Sensu backend will deregister the corresponding entity.
```
